Dear all, 
I wanna share a few words with you all and with Ashley.
Ashley and I got married the 2nd of Oktober 2020. The timing and the ongoing pandemic meant that we were forced to do a very local ceremony with only four guests as witnesses. Both Ashley and I would have wanted you all to be there, and it is this in mind to share just a couple of words with you today.

It seems so far away that sunny day when I first met you Ashley, helping you get your things up into the co-housing association in London in the UK. We quickly became friends and as the days got longer and the first coronavirus lockdown started we found ourselves getting closer.

Our relationship has always been full on. 

Our first year together was mostly spent in lockdown — getting to know each other while it was illegal to step outside. It went very well and we both have so many good memories from that peculiar, difficult, and yet for us, wonderful year.

Choosing to get a tiny allotment cottage in Denmark after having only known each other for 9 months is another example which come to mind. Though it seemed like a crazy at the time it has meant that we have always had a shared, lush, base to return to even as we had to move multiple around times in London.

These first couple of years have also had their share of challenges.

Being from different continents we have had to fight to ensure that we can be together. I still remember how much I trembled the day we each got put in our own room to get interviewed for Ashley's UK visa application. 

However, our happiness today rests on these experiences and I am so happy that we have consistently chosen hope and courage. Choosing to believe in the potential of each other despite uncertainties has become one of the defining things about our relationship. Taking on such a disposition has not always been easy, but as you and I have talked about numerous times. It makes us hopeful for the future.

Dear Ashley.

I want to thank you for continuously choosing to create a life together.

I also want to thank you for always insisting on participating, even in other languages. I will never forget how you insisted on coming for a full month to Denmark the summer after we first met each other. By the time we arrived you had learnt your first 100 words of Danish. Your visit to Denmark that summer was the first of many. My Danish family is not here today, but if they were I know there would be many tears of happiness. My Danish family loves you Ashley and will always support you.

I would like to thank you all for your care and presence these last two and a half years. Even though Ashley and I have been a continent away, you have felt present and supporting.

I want to thank Diane and Basel for your support from day one of Ashley and I's deciding we wanted to be together.
I also want to thank Ryan and Rachel for welcoming us to your home this summer. It has been a blast so far and I can't wait to spend the rest of the summer with you.

Cheers to the many good times we have had and to the many good moments to come.




























