The Dump Sets me Free

The Dump is my favourite place. I just love it. If a week goes by without a visit to The Dump my fingers start itching. I found a cute cast-iron paperweight when I went  there yesterday. It is holding the plans for this book in place as I write this chapter. This paperweight is just marvellous, something I never knew I needed. Now I know and I feel like my life is changed. 

I must show the dump to every single person who comes ot visit me. Most people think there are other more interesting places to visit, especially if they are new to the city. Most people don't realise that my dump is a special dump. To get there I must lead them through a road turned construction site. Waiting in the muddy verge for a gap in the steady stream of SUVs I tell them about how I once successfully crossed this same road with a two by two meter painting frame in an attempt to convince them that waiting for the motorists to pass is no matter. My attempts at making the hike seem worthwhile rarely succeed until we step into the dump‘s co-sharing section. Row upon row of objects calmly waiting to find a good match. Implying no other investment than emotional and perhaps that of sweat if the object needs to be pulled back across the road, my visitors sometimes manage to catch but a glimpse of what a relationship with a thing can be if it is not mediated by money.

I found a framed drawing by the famous Danish landscape painter Skovsgaard at the dump today. I love it, who knows what this entity made of wood, paper and pencil has seen before it came to me? The dump is now called the recycling center because the things that go there don‘t just go to the dump anymore. I just call it the dump because Ashley likes calling it The Dump and it gets the point across. Most people think of The Dump as the dump but I think of it as this place where I can look at things as they are, freed of the shackles of the monetary gaze. 

So, I love The Dump. It is a solid and empowering public institution and I think y‘all should spent more time there.

