The Eternal Embrace at the Fabric Moon of Near

Short introduction: Story World Pitch. “Imagine a world….” Key  Illustration (Concept art or key reference material.)

Finding warmth


Setting (topos): Place and time of the story world. Illustrations: Map or concept art: exterior and interior. 

the medium is the map
dawn, the moon siblings, the Fabric Moon of Near

Background (mythos): Background story or mythology. Illustrations: researches material and references.   

The moon of Near used to be in co-occurent intersymmetric orbit with its one hundred and thirty two moon siblings. 

The moon slumbered in this trajectal cradle until one day a distress signal gone astray tore through the expanse and lured Near away from the others. 

The sorrow of Nears separation was great and it grew mountains as skin to never again heed the ails of others. 

One day the moon of Near came to its senses to the shrill cry of tearing metal. A darkened hull shredded by the very cliff peaks it itself had grown had left clusters of beings shattered across Near's skin. Jumping and floating around in their hermetic suits they crawled all over Near's out- and insides.

Fearful of the empty space sky, the children of Near clung to the moon of Near which had both destroyed and saved their lives. And the moon clung to them.

Near was then clad in fabric. The children of Near ripped off their spacesuit skins and sewed them into a beautiful mantle for the lonely moon. Windows were added made from blown crystal helmet glass. Thermal padding merged with rock, joined together with fine stitches of respindled ventilation garment.

The children and the moon of Near found warmth again.


Rule (Ethos): Values - implicit and explicit ethics

warmth / company / seeking / home / longing / embrace / encountering love / childhood emotional themes / journey

Metaphor: Overall visual idea or visual premise. “World as…” Illustration: Key motive or key visual reference

metamorphosis / diversity / everything is alive / interplanetary animism

Story world contrasts. Normal World vs Special World, Sub-worlds. Illustrations:  Concept art or sketches or researches material and references.

content predeterminism vs content chance encounter / softness vs hardness

Style (Aisthesis) : Overall visual guidelines, feel and look. Illustrations: Mood-board, Colour-script or audio-visual-parameter. 

Hitchhikers Guide to The Galaxy — impossible fantastical sci-fi / Mountain — animism, the non-human / The Cyberiad — sci-fi focussing on logic, philosophical, and spiritual questions

Existences (Kharakter): Characters, animals, monsters. Illustrations:  Charterer design, sketches or references.   

Moon society / The Moon of Near / The Children of Near

